“In the absence of love and belonging there is always suffering.”
“The only thing that matters is that you actually do.” - Jocko Willnick
“Our first job is this, to divide and distinguish things into two categories: externals I cannot control, but the choices I make with regard to what I do control. Where will I find good and bad? In me, in my choices” - Epictetus
“If someone succeeds in provoking you realize that your mind is complicit in the process”    - Epictetus
“Get rid of self conceit. It is impossible to learn that which you think you already know.”    -Epictetus
“How have you made progress?”    -Epictetus
“The true man is revealed in difficult times. So when troubles come, think of yourself as a wrestler paired with a tough young buck. For what purpose? To turn you into Olympic class material.”    -Epictetus
“It is not about accepting hardship or resigning ourselves to it but agreeing to work with it and decide to make the most of it. To make hardship an opportunity not an obstacle.” -Epictetus
“Excellence withers without an adversary.” -Seneca
“The best revenge is not to be like your enemy.” -Marcus Arelious
“You can commit injustice by doing nothing”    -Marcus Arelious
“Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be, be one“    -Marcus Arelious
“It is not desperate man should fear but he should fear never beginning to live.”    -Marcus Arelious
“A man when he has done a good act, does not call out for others to come and see, but he goes on to another act, as a vine goes on to produce again the grapes in season.” - Marcus Aurelius
“Receive without pride, let go without attachment.”    -Marcus Aurelius
"When you play the game of life right, it doesn’t get easier. It gets more challenging."
“Almost everyone chooses permanent chronic pain over temporary acute pain.” -Marc Andreesen 
“How you gain mental toughness, how you become the person you want to be, is by constantly facing the things that you don’t want to face.” -David Goggins
“I’m not weary I’m wiser.” -Marcus Taylor
“You can make more than 100% of your net worth. You can only save 100% of your net worth.” -Unknown
“Grudges are garbage. Grudges are the execution of the weak man.” Gary Vee
“When people are tearing down other people that just exposes that they’re hurt.” Gary Vee
“If you’re lucky enough to be feeling good, give roses to people.” -Gary Vee
“Blaming technology for your struggles is a loosing game.” -Gary Vee
“He who is everywhere, is nowhere.” -Seneca 
“We should treat the body vigorously so it’s not disobedient to the mind.” -Seneca 
“Be a master of yourself.”
“The purpose of philosophy is to make YOU better. It’s to scrub off your flaws, not to make you more judgmental or to make you feel superior to other people.” -Seneca
“Happy is he who makes others better.” -Seneca
“Don’t talk about your philosophy, embody it.” -Seneca 
“Learn, apply, learn, apply, this is the stoic way.”
“The good we do in life is easily forgotten but the evil we do lives on and on.” -Shakespeare 
“A stoic must learn to walk away when the cause is hopeless.” 
“Figure out how to make the most of the hand you have been dealt, play the role assigned to you with the brilliance of a character actor.” -Epictetus 
Courage, justice, temperance, and wisdom 
“All Things are born from change” -Marcus Arelious
“The best revenge is to not be like the person who wronged you.” -Marcus Arelious
“The person who does something scary every day is less fearful than someone who can’t. The person who does something difficult every day is tougher than someone who doesn’t.”
“Life is an echo. What you send out comes back. What you sow you reap. What you give you get. What you see in others exists in you. Do not judge and you would not be judged. Radiate love and love comes back to you.” -Unknown
The conditions of your mind dictate the conditions of your life. -Unknown
“There is nothing outside of yourself that can ever enable you to get better, stronger, richer, quicker, or smarter. Everything is within. Seek nothing outside of yourself” -Miyamoto Musashi
“It is difficult to understand the universe if you only study one planet.” -Miyamoto Musashi
“The true science of martial arts means practicing them in such a way that they will be useful at any Tim, and to teach them in such a way that they will be useful in all things.” -Miyamoto Musashi
“A man cannot understand the art he is studying if he only looks for the end result without taking the time to delve deeply into the reasoning of the study.”
“Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world.” 
Do not, under any circumstances, depend on a partial feeling.
Never let yourself be saddened by a separation.
“Treat whatever happens as wholly natural; not novel or hard to deal with, but familiar and easily handled.” -Marcus Arillieus
“There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.” -Epictetus
“No man is free who is not master of himself.” - Epictetus
“Wealth exists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.” -Epictetus
“When your thoughts, words, and deeds form a seamless fabric, you streamline your efforts and thus eliminate worry and dread.” -Epictetus
If you seek truth, do not seek to gain a victory by every possible means; and when you have found truth, you need not fear being defeated.” -Epictetus
Let silence be your general rule; or say only what is necessary and in few words.” -Epictetus
First say to yourself what you would be and then do what you have to do. 
“Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control.” - Epictetus
“Don’t explain your philosophy, embody it.” -Epictetus
“All cruelty springs from weakness” -Seneca
“We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.” -Seneca
Hang on to your youthful enthusiasms - you’ll be able to use them better when you’re older.” -Seneca
“Fear makes it come true that which one is afraid of.” Victor Frankl
“What is to give light must endure burning.” -Victor Frankl
“Getting is a campaign. It’s a daily, a weekly and hourly fight. An incessant fight that doesn’t stop against weakness, and against temptation, and against laziness. It is campaign of discipline. It’s a campaign of hardworking and dedication.” -Jocko Willink
“Through pursuing difficult things and accomplishing stuff you learn something about yourself. You learn that you have this ability inside of you to overcome. Get obsessed with life improvement. Find things that you enjoy doing that are difficult do them and get better at them.” -Joe Rogan
“The world’s biggest problems are the world’s biggest business opportunities. The best way to become a billionaire is to help a billion people.” - Peter Diamandis
“That difference between someone who says I’m just going to sit back and let it go by and someone who says no I don’t like the way it is, is huge. We’re now living in a time where the ability we have to actually stop complaining about problems and solving problems is extraordinary.” -Peter Diamandis
“The difference between having an impact and not having an impact, is a decision. It’s not resources, it’s not money, it’s a decision.” Peter Diamandis
“Sticks and stones can break your bones but words can change the world.”
“Everybody dies but not everybody lives.” -Seneca
“I shall never be ashamed of citing a bad author if the line is good.” -Seneca
“Associate with people who are likely to improve you.” -Seneca
“Only tiime can heal what reason cannot.”
“Ignorance is the cause of fear.” -Seneca
“Wealth is the slave of a wise man. The master of a fool.” -Seneca
“Only once a thought you hold reaches critical mass will you begin to act.” -DD Original
“When you’re used to privilege, equality looks like oppression.” -Unknown
“See unforgettable has everything to do with serving at a level so high, so big, so massive that people feel like they have to change their lives because they crossed your path.” - Unknown
“The truth is that no matter where you started out in life, you have a choice between scarcity and abundance.” - Lisa Nichols
“Success is not automatic. You don’t get things just because you want them. You achieve your goals only when you are disciplined enough to keep showing up when you don’t feel like it.” -Dr. Jessica Houston
“Do not yield to distractions, focus on you.” Dr. Jessica Houston
“Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.” -Seneca
“Wise men speak because they have something to say: fools because they have to say something.” -Plato
“The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.”    -Plato
“The heaviest penalty for declining to rule is to be ruled by someone inferior to yourself.” -Plato
“Never discourage anyone…who continually makes progress, no matter how slow.” -Plato
“The measure of a man is what he does with his power.” -Plato
“Ignorance, the root and stem of every evil.” -Plato
“Those who tell the stories rule society.” -Plato
“In politics we presume that everyone who knows how to get votes knows how to administer a city or a state. When we are ill… we do not ask for the handsomest physician, or the most eloquent one.” -Plato
 “There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.” -Plato
“When men speak ill of thee, live so as nobody may believe them.” -Plato
“The beginning is the most important part of the work.” -Plato
“Those who are able to see beyond the shadows and lies of their culture will never be understood, let alone believed, by the masses.” -Plato
“The greatest wealth is to live content with little.” -Plato
“An empty vessel makes the loudest sound, so they that have the least wit are the greatest babblers.” -Plato
“People are like dirt. They can either nourish you and help you grow as a person or they can stunt your growth and make you wilt and die.” -Plato
“It’s not that life is short it’s that we waste a lot of it.” -Seneca
“Change is automatic but progress is not.” -Tony Robbins
“A person who thinks all the time has nothing to think about accept thought. So he looses touch with reality and lives in a world of illusions. We are so tied up in our minds that we’ve lost our senses. Time to wake up.” -Alan Watts 
“Figuring out how to struggle well, that’s the answer.” -Tom Bilyeu
“We’re all being tested in life and guess what, this is one test you can’t cheat on.” -David Goggins
“If you lived properly then history will not be able to ignore that you lived.”
“There is a responsibility to freedom and there is freedom in responsibility.” 
“Another path is always open.” -Marcus Aurelius 
“Tolerant with others, strict with yourself.” -Marcus Aurelius
“If I’m not for me who is? If I’m only for me who am I?” 
“We don’t control what happens but we control how we respond to what happens.” -Epictetus
“It’s not good vs evil. It’s cowards and non cowards.”
“One man with courage makes the majority.” 
“The one thing fools all have in common is that they’re always beginning to live.” -Seneca
“Well being is realized by small steps, but it’s no small thing.” -Zeno
“The effect you have on others is the most valuable currency there is.” Jim Carrey
“The two most important sets of skills you can develop are your critical thinking skills and your creative thinking skills. Critical thinking skills are your shield against deception. Both internal and external. Creative thinking skills are your greatest tool to alter the world as you see fit.” 
"A lesson without pain is meaningless. That's because no one can gain without sacrificing something. But by enduring that pain and overcoming it...he shall obtain a powerful, unmatched heart. A Fullmetal heart." ~ Hiromu Arakawa
"The first time you share tea, you are a stranger. The second time you take tea, you are an honored guest. The third time you share a cup of tea, you become family, and for our family, we are prepared to do anything, even die." ~Balti Proverb
“You could be good today but instead you choose tomorrow.” -Marcus Aurelius
“The reason to make money is to do more cool work.” -Casey Niastate 
“If You’re not scared about what you’re doing then you’re not taking enough risks.” - Ryan Holiday
“As an entrepreneur, your job is to find problems that exist and solve them.” - Peter Diamandis MD
“The less you think you know the more it’s possible for you to learn.” - Ryan Holiday
“Accomplishments will be attributed to confidence, but then the confidence will be mistaken for arrogance, and then your nonchalance because you have accomplished these things will be mistaken for narcissism.”
“Theatricality and deception are powerful agents. You must become more than just a man in the mind of your opponent.” Rahz Al Ghoul, Batman Begins Training Scene
“If you help enough people get what they want you can have everything you want.” - Zig Ziglar
“Life isn’t about finding yourself, it’s about creating yourself.” George Bernard Shaw
“The unexamined thought is not worth thinking.” 
“I want to ask you what are you going to believe? Are you going to believe in yourself? Or are you gonna believe everyone else’s judgment on you?” 
“What matters is that you get back up. What matters is that more often than not you stick to it.” Ryan Holiday
“The time to dig the well is not when you are thirsty but when you have enough water so that when you are thirsty, it’s there.” -Alex Hormozi
“A good plan violently executed now is better than the perfect plan executed next week.” George Patton
“The longer you wait to do something you should do now, the greater the odds that you will never actually do it.” John G Maxwell
“There is no path. There’s no path until you walk it and you have to be willing to play the fool.” Ethan Hawke
“You can be world class. You can fit in with the world. You don’t get to do both.”
“One thing I’ve learned is everyone has an opinion. Why let the opinions of other people deny you from a life that will make history.” - Unknown
“If you genuinely have something you need to say there is someone out there who genuinely needs to hear it.” Arnold Patton
"Do every act of your life as though it were the very last act of your life."
"Today is a victory over yourself of yesterday, tomorrow is your victory over lesser men." -Miyamoto Musahi
"A man who studies is a man who is allergic to average." 
"Getting to the top of the mountain is not about acquiring more, but becoming more."
"The impediment to action, advances action. What stands in the way, becomes the way." -Marcus Aurelius 
"The things which hurt instruct." -Benjamin Franklin 
"A good person dyes events with his own color and turns whatever happens to his benefit." -Seneca 
"The man who does more than what he is paid for will soon get paid for more than he does." 
"So tired of being so tired. Why I gotta build something beautiful just to go set it on fire." -Mac Miller
"When the factory is on fire, enjoy the scene." 
"Amor Fati, a love of fate." 
"Most of y’all don’t get the picture unless the flash is on." -Lil Wayne
"Real G's move in silence like lasagna." -Lil Wayne
"I slide wit a tank on full, even when my tanks on E." - Caskey
"Sometimes you just need to narrow your focus to only that next step." 
"Your confidence is really your reputation with yourself." 
"If you want to be great you have to learn to let it burn." -Tom Bilyeau 
"Behind every fear is a person you want to be." 
"Opportunities multiply as they are ceased." -Sun Tsu 
"There’s nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so." Shakespeare 
"If you think trying is risky, wait until they hand you the bill for not trying." -Jim Rohn 
"If a shark stops swimming it will die."
"There are no roses without rain." 
"Habits are the compound interest of self improvement."
"You do not rise to the level of your goals, you fall to the level of your systems."
"As the island of your knowledge grows so grow the shores of your ignorance." -John Archibald Wheeler
"Good habits make time your ally. Bad habits make time your enemy."
"Take time to stop and smell the epiphanies." 
“You don’t have to feel good to get started, you do have to get started to feel good.”
“Buy experience and skills. Because no government can take that from you. No divorce, no creditor, no one can take that from you.” Alex Hormozi
"You either win or you learn, and both get you closer to where you want to go." -Alex Hormozi
“The loud voices of this world, are the 99% who don’t understand exactly what you have to do. That’s why when I speak and you don’t understand me it’s probably a good thing. Because that probably means I’m in an area of life that you’re not in. Which is fine.” - David Goggins
“More people got rich during the gold rush selling shovels than looking for gold”
“To make more money you’ve got to grow your business. You can only grow your business in two ways. 1. Get more customers. 2. Make them worth more.” Alex Hormozi
“You get more customers by getting: 1. More leads. 2. Better leads. 3. Cheaper leads. 4. Reliably, think lots of places.” Alex Hormozi 
“If getting weird messages and hate from people I don’t know is the price I have to pay to make the impact I want to have, I’d pay that price any day of the week.” - Someone Famous
Every day that you say that I’m not successful because of “this”, “this” now owns you. -Alex Hormozi
If we think about success in terms of layers, like foundations, the base level, like when you’re digging the building where you put the hole and you pour the concrete in, the base of the entire thing is WHO is in power? Who is source? Because if it’s anything but you in that base layer, all of the other things on top of them will topple down. It’s a foundation of sand otherwise. You can’t build on top of blaming other people. There’s nothing that stands on it.
“If you are ever attempted to look for outside approval, realize that you have compromised your integrity. If you need a witness, be your own.” -Epictetus 
“When you’re an entrepreneur you are investing. You’re just heavily indexed on your stock which is your own.” - Alex Hormozi
“If you follow the masses, you will end up like the masses. If you dare to be different, your life will have a significant impact.” - Patrick Kelly
“Growth is stressful. Stagnation is stressful. Decline is stressful. The only 100% stress free people are dead people. Keep living!” Alex Hormozi 
"Every time you watch something, consume a piece of content, or you read a book, if you think “what behavior am I going to change as a result of this?” and the answer is nothing, you wasted your time. You pretended to be learning but you were really entertaining yourself.” -Alex Hormozi 
"Don’t follow what most people do because you don’t want the results most people get. The average person is obese, likely to be divorced, and likely to have less than 1k in the bank. It feels safe to do what everyone else is doing but it’s actually a terrible decision." - Shawn Pourrie 
"Heroes and Villains always have the same back story. Pain. The difference is what they choose to do about it. The villain says the world hurt me, I’m going to hurt it back. The hero says, the world hurt me, I’m not going to let it hurt anyone else."
"You either die, get injured, or adapt." -Alex Hormozi
“The people who are experts at any skill, become experts because they learn how to become rewarded from the work itself.” -Dr. Trevor Kashey
Reminder that if you want to be exceptional, you’re going to be different from everyone else. That’s what makes you exceptional. You can’t fit in and also be exceptional both have discomfort. When you fit in, you have internal conflict because you’re not being 100% you. When you’re exceptional you have external conflict because everyone sees you as different. When your friends start to say you’ve changed, Remember it’s because they don’t know how to say you’ve grown.
“Champions are broken. They have no off switch.” -Dr. Trevor Kashey
“Diversification of our investments is wise, but diversification of our energy is foolish. We can’t be master of all things and expect exceptional returns.” - Patrick Kelly, Tax Free Retirement 
“The amount of work that’s required to make something exceptional precludes you from doing multiple things. You can’t do multiple things well. You can do one thing exceptionally well. That means you have to say no to everything else.” Alex Hormozi 
“Winners focus on customers, competitors focus on winners.” -Alex Hormozi 
“Winners focus on winning, losers focus on winners” 
“I’m a big believer in working smarter not harder. With the massive caveat that you have to work incredibly fucking hard to get smart.” -Alex Hormozi 
“Tough times don’t last, tough people do.” -Jim Rohn
“Sometimes a cold shoulder is the only way to deliver the heat” Russ
"What gets measured gets improved."
